There are two kinds of people in the world. Those who need closure, 0
Set your WiFi password to 24446666688888888 So when someone asks you can say it’s 12345678. 0
At what time do you see your dentist? Tooth hurty! 0
John and Juan are on lunch break when Juans phone rings. He answered it and has a conversation in spainish while John looks at him with a curious expression on his face. When Juan is finished John asks him... Where did you get a phone that works in spainish, do you have to pay more for that? 0
A guy is handing out free fake mustaches on the street Me: how many am I allowed?

Guy: only one 

Me: we'll see about that 0
TIL: Lucy, the iconic human ancestor fossil, died by falling off a tree. This might qualify her for a Darwin Award. 0
Uk newspaper headlines yesterday should have read as "EU must be joking?!" EU referendum... EU sounds like 'you'. Thanks, I'll get my coat.

edit: changed al (Scots slang) to I'll... my bad Reddit, my bad!




 0
Never play hide and seek with a friend who makes penis jokes all the time... you can guarantee they are hiding in the closet. 0
What's Donald trumps favorite kind of nut? A wall-nut 0
"did somebody order pizza?" "no, why?"

"because papa's in the house!" 0
12 Newfies are raping a German chick She screams: nein, nein, nein

So three left. 0
What did Bill Buckner and Michael Jackson have in common? What did Bill Buckner and Michael Jackson have in common?

They both wore a glove on their right hand for no reason.

(((All in jest; miss you Bill, you were one of the greats))) 0
A deaf guy hands his girlfriend a gift for her birthday. He signs to her that he was struggling to find a meaningful gift for her so he resorted to stalking her.  One day, he saw her and her friends looking at some shoes in the window of a store while talking about which ones they wanted to buy.  His girlfriends eyes lit up as she saw the box.  She said: "Those were really expensive and this box is huge!  You really shouldn't have!  How many are in here?"

The guy signs to her: "It actually wasn't that much for all twelve pears!" 0
Egg joke. Have you heard the one about the egg? I heard it was pretty EGGcellent, let's hope it doesn't get EGGhumed, I am really EGGcited to hear it. 0
I can't believe that 11 year old got decapitated on a water slide I'd lose my mind 0
What's an Arab's favorite car? Citroen C4 0
How do we measure planets? With a scale, what else would you expect 0
One hillbilly asked another,"How is them there illegals gettin' across that Rio Grande?" The other guy says, "Ain't you never heard nobody talkin' somethin'  'bout Roe versus Wade?" 0
If you say "I like porn drinks" You could be a bartender. 0
Why did the boy walk home from school? Because he missed the bus 0
I took a horse tranquilizer the other day, my wiener fell asleep. 0
If pho was bbq’d Would it be pho q’d? 0
Your mom is kinda like a bucket I could stick my dick in her but I don't really want to. 0
I think Britain is doing quite well after Brexit. In America, the bread bringer usually lose half his the assets after a divorce. Britain got off easy. 0
Why can't black people swim? Because there is no water in Africa. 0
You wanna hear my joke about corn? It's a maze zing... 0
What happens after Brexit. Brexit could be followed by Grexit, Departugal, Italeave, Czechout, Oustria, Finish, Slovakout, Latervia and Byegium.  Looks like only Remania will stay.. 0
Mary had a little lamb And also some orange juice to swallow it down with.  0
All these Brexit jokes are getting on my nerves.. I'm going to leave now.
 0
Why did Judy Hopps find it difficult to rise in her career at the police department? Because of the grass ceiling 0
[NSFW] Two Ethiopian kids are sitting on a log. The first one is chewing on a thick bone, while the other is watching him. The kid chewing on the bone notices him and gets annoyed. 

"Would you mind looking the other way? I won't give you any." 

The second kid looks at the ground disappointed.

"Please, just one bite."

The first kid stops chewing and looks at him.

"No way, this is my last bone."

He continues to chew and finally breaks the bone, he starts sucking on the bone marrow. The second kid's stomach starts cramping.

"Please, just one slurp. I'm really hungry."

The first kid can't stand him anymore.

"Go fuck off, I'm not gonna share it with you. I don't care how hungry you are!"

The second kid gets sad and realises that it's pointless.

"Ok, ok. Don't worry, my mother will die too." 0
As you can see the EU's weight loss is going great! It lost all of its pounds. 0
Why do Podiatrists always lose races? ...

They love da-feet  (Defeat) 0
I am never going to procrastinate again... Starting next semester 0
What did the other traffic light say to the other traffic light? Don't look! I'm changing! 0
I cleaned the inside of my car windshield and I can finally see Why kids love the taste of Cinnamon Toast Crunch  0
Why did the chicken cross the road? To get to the reddit geek.

&amp;#x200B;

Knock Knock

&amp;#x200B;

Who's there

&amp;#x200B;

The chicken 0
(NSFW) Gay approved gay joke So I was fucking this guy in the ass and the phone rings so I tell him not to cum until I get back. Needless to say there was cum all over the fucking sheets. So I look at him; and he looks at me. And he goes "Man, I know what this looks like. I can explain! ... I farted." 0
Brexit helped me with my weight loss I lost a bunch of pounds in a single day 0
Why do girls like to have a dog? Because it suits their personality, a bitch. 0
I can't wait till Harriet Tubman is on the $20 bill That means I can legally own a black person again. 0
So I opened an egg today and something came out. That's the yolk. 0
Hitler was never a huge fan of milk crates... It was the juice boxes he despised. 0
What does Melania see in Donald Trump? 10 billion dollars and high Cholesterol  0
A cicada crawled up my butt while I was sleeping last night. I'm not worried though. It'll come out in 13 years. 0
What's 3+3 That's right it's 6 0
I threw a boomerang and lost sight of it I am now scared for my life 0
Trump may be right about the wall China built a wall hundreds of years ago and they still don't have any Mexicans! 0
My friends all think I'm lying when I tell them I lost my virginity at age 11. But I'll never forget my last day at Sunday school. 0
My girlfriend just dumped me for talking too much about video games (alternate) But my preferred style in bed is up, up, down, down, left, right, left, right, B, A, start.  0
A blond guy on a bar stool yelled at the bartender: "wanna hear a blonde joke"? The bartender didn't really listen. He still told one. 0
If you burn someone's house, it's called arson... If someone dies in the house you burned it's called:

Arson  - with human barbecue 0
Last night I took a taxi home... As you well know, some of us have been lucky not to have had brushes with the authorities on our way home from the various social sessions over the years. Last night, I was out for a few drinks with some friends and had a few too many beers and then topped it off with a margarita.

Not a good idea.

Knowing full well I was at least slightly over the limit, I did something I've never done before: I took a taxi home.
Sure enough I passed a police road block but because it was a taxi,
they waved it past. I arrived home safely without incident, which was a real surprise.

I have never driven a taxi before and am not sure where I got it. 0
Mom and daughter are watching TV When suddenly, a sex scene pops up:


Daughter: Mom, what are these people doing?

Mom: Oh, they are just making a cake sweetie.

Daughter: OK.


The next morning, during breakfast:


Daughter: Mom, Can I ask you something?

Mom: Sure, go ahead.

Daughter: Were you and dad making a cake yesterday?

Mom: Well, yes, we did. Why do you ask?

Daughter: Oh, ok then, because I licked the left over cream from the bed. 0
It's no wonder Germany is worried about Brexit. Last time they burned about a billion pounds, it didn't end well for them.  0
trump I wonder what would happen if Obama supported trump? 0
How come arabs are not circumcised? So they have some place to keep their gum safe during a sand storm.  0
Therapist and policeman Once upon time, in a land of lawful, there were 2 men chilling out in a cold room. The man asked the other man, how did they wind up in this situation.  


The blue man said, "well we had call about about who is called therapist, so we had to get you mr therapist for discussion ".


The man answered back, why cant he be released to do his job?


The blueman answered, "Sir; this your home now. You cant go until we review your work". 0
Why should you hang out with billy Buckner’s daughter Your balls will go between her legs.


(Seriously RIP billy) 0
Bill Gates, the man who owns a multi-billion company... Names it after his dick... 0
How do you know when a cop kills an innocent man in America? When the front page of reddit is filled with cute police dog pictures 0
How do you say 'book club' in french? lec ture de france 0
What did the blanket say when I fell out of the be (from vine) SHEET! 0
My dog is so weird. He has three legs and they're all shorter than his erect penis.

&amp;#x200B;

So weird. 0
What do you call a group of 3 humans, two who have never met? I will comment the answer in 6 hours..... 0
what did nathan on osu say to wombraider? (osu joke) "woah your 3 mod skills are such a masterpiece!" 0
This is the funniest joke I've seen .
.
.
.
.
.
.
.
Your life (I said seen not heard) 0
Because of Brexit.... James Bond is going to need a Visa for his Missions now. 
 0
[SPOILER] What is Hodor's favorite band? The Doors. 0
[NSFW]Be careful what you wish for A young man with a menial job was on his way home from work, and he finds an old lantern. Thinking that if he polishes it up he can get a few bucks for it.

He rubs the lamp and a genie comes out. The genie promises to grant him, three wishes.

Thinking he is on some reality TV show, he says Yeah right, but plays along.

He says to the genie, I wish I was rich, and the genie said granted. The man checks his bank balance and finds out that he is very rich.

Then the man says genie, I wish I was very handsome, and the genie said granted. The man pulls out a mirror and is astounded by how good he looks.

The man decides to save the wish for later, and the genie says that is fine, I will be listening.

The man goes home to decide what to do with his new found wealth and good looks.

He turns on the tv and there is an adult film playing. A buxom young woman is pleasuring herself with a large dildo. The man is turned on by the movie and says right now I wish I was a dildo, and the genie said granted. 0
How's your day been? Grape! 0
What do Chinese and lesbians have in common? They eat pussies 0
Where does a 400 pounds gorilla take seat? Where he wants. 0
Bloody!! Don't say I didn't warn ya! Yak!! The is this girl and I guess you would call her a bit of a player. She has three boyfriends. And she decided to. Make plans and invite them over one day, one at a time because her mom and dad were not going to be home. Well just so happened she got her period that day. So its 6:00pm and the first bf comes over and they start fooling around. she takes her pad out and throws it under the bed. Well the doorbell rings at 7:00pm. So she says to her bf " oh shit its my parents, quick you got to hide out on the balcony." She she pushed him out on the balcony. Runs to the bathroom and puts in a new pad. She goes downstairs answers the door and its her second bf. They head upstairs to her room. So they talked for a few mins and then they started to mess around. So she takes out her pad and threw it under the bed again. As they were fooling around the doorbell rings again at 8:00pm. So she says to the second bf " oh shit its my parents, you got to go hide in the closet." So she pushed him into the closet. Went to the bathroom put in another pad. Then headed downstairs to answer the door. It was the 3rd bf. By that time she was sexually frustrated ran him into the room threw him on the bed took off all her clothes threw the tampon under the bed again and they had sex. Well 9:00 came and she heard the front door open and this time it was her parents. So she said to the 3rd bf " oh shit, its my parents quick hide under the bed. So her parents come to her room to check in on her to see if she was ok . well a week goes by and she hasn't heard anything from her bf. So she started to wonder. She looks on the balcony and she had then noticed that the balcony wasn't finished being built. And the first bf fell and broke his neck. Then she looks in her closet and saw the other one was dead from dehydration and starvation. And as for the 3rd bf she looks under the bed and he is still alive so she asked him " how are you still alive if you been here the whole time. You should be dead like the other guy in the closet?" He replied "oh I've been munching on these cherry pies." 0
My friend took her glasses off. The first thing my friend did is the cliche"how many fingers am I holding up?" After she responded correctly, I asked her how many fingers God was holding up. She told me "Allah dem" 0
What did the cat say to his cheating wife? Meow! 0
What is Nemo's favorite kind of chip? Dory-tos           ;) 0
What did the man who survived a javelin headwound say to his opponent? Thanks for opening my mind. 0
What's worse than a cat pun? A purrfect cat pun. 0
any love for Trump reversal jokes? In Obama's America, you serve the president, in Trump's America the president serves you.  0
A tree tipped over A lot of pounds crashed to the ground 0
how do you spell Mississippi? m ah cums first, I cums next, s ah cums 2 x, I cum again,  s ah cums 2 more x, i pp, I cum ah 1 more x 0
Somebody's turning to an owl Dad, "you don't want to sleep early and you want to wake up late! Someone's turning to an owl". 
Son, "who?" 0
How would you get the attention of the cute Air Stewardess? Shout “I have a bomb” 0
Atheists are 50% Muslim Cause they believe half the shahada (there is no God) 

pls laf 0
What comes after 420? 421 0
How did Hitler become a hero? He killed Hitler.  0
[NSFW] What do you call it when a man puts his dick in her ass and another in her mouth and spin her A rotisserie chicken 0
Yo mama so fat That when the family went on a road trip she didn't need to travel. Cause she was already there. 0
Beethoven was never able to hear his own voice. Much like the British public with Brexit. 0
A woman is giving birth She is pushing and pushing

“Just a bit more” say the doctor 

So the woman keeps pushing, taking big heavy breaths

“Your doing so well, just one more” the doctor says

With one last push and a scream the baby comes out

It falls into the doctors hands who bounces it 3 times and shoots in into a bin

The woman is crying and screaming

 “what the fuck did you just do!?” She screams at the doctor 

“Don’t worry” the doctor replies “it was already dead” 0
Paper straws suck. And so does every other straw. Thats literally what they're for. 0
My kid just challenged me to a pickaxe battle... Now he's chasing me throughout the mines and won't stop


Edit: The little bastard fell and broke his ankle. Serves him right 0
Two doctors were flirting each other during a surgery He said: "Oh! there's a tumor."
Her: "Where?"
Him: "In my pants!" 0
Do you know Viagra Light? Does not much but looks great in pants. 0
Brexit joke The pound is rapidly losing value in currency exchange markets. 0
Michael Jackson's mom was recently diagnosed with Brest Cancer. She had a bad mamma gramma 0
What happened when Chef Boyardee committed tax fraud? He was arrested by the Raviopolice. 0
What do you call it when a sea mammal is very driven? It has a porpoise. 0
What's the hardest part about cooking a vegetable? Getting the wheelchair in the pot. 0
